Director Guy, the situation is not good for us now.
Isn't this all your bad idea?
You agreed when I came up with the idea
You can quit if you don't agree
Stop talking about that
As long as Bai Xiaotong can hold on, we'll be fine
Bai Xiaotong can still do it.
One person does everything
Not for us
Is he ok?
What can happen?
You're just asking.
After all, people commit suicide
It has nothing to do with reason.
Tang Jian acts as the lawyer for the deceased
He should be able to quit
That's for sure.
Otherwise, the boss can let us drive him back
So to speak
Cui Yan is the key
So if we can find out something else
Is it completely over for my cousin?
I hope so.
Yes, not necessarily.
What do you mean?
I've been thinking about it for the past two days.
I always feel like we made a big mistake
What do you mean?
You think, Cui Yan is such a big person
You have to be very thoughtful.
But he just handed the case over to Tang Jian
When I went out to meet him that day
Tell him our firm supports his idea
But he wasn't as satisfied as he should have been.
He's such a big shot!
Happy to let you see him dance
And here's the thing.
But I just don't think something is right.
You forgot how angry his legs can be when Prince Ma of the Tang family doesn't go to the hospital
I know that.
He also said he was punishing himself.
Made an unforgivable mistake
But I still feel something is wrong